Hi!

The attached document contains 100 words in 2 columns, in the language you are comfortable with.
The first column contains the word, and the second column contains the associated part-of-speech
(NOUN or VERB).

As an annotator, please mark the entries in the third column of the excel file according to the
following guidelines. Please note the the answers would be processed automatically, and are therefore
case-sensitive.

1. If the word is wrong (due to extra space, an extra/deleted character etc.), or in case the word makes
no sense whatsoever, mark the value as "TE".

2. If the word is NOT wrong, but it is a combination of two independent meaningful words and is almost never
used as a single word on its own, mark the value as "COMPOUND".
Example:
	In English, if the word is 'truckdriver', it is made up of two independent meaningful words, viz.
	'truck' and 'driver', and is often written as 'truck-driver'. This example should therefore
	be marked as "COMPOUND". On contrary, 'firetruck' would not be marked as "COMPOUND".

3. If the word is NOT wrong, but the part-of-speech is wrong, mark the value as "POS".

4. If the word is NOT wrong, and the part-of-speech is also NOT wrong, BUT the word is from a foreign
language, mark the value as "FOREIGN".
Example:
	"Namaste" is a Hindi/Sanskit word. If the word appears in the list for English language, since it is
	of foreign origin, it will be marked as "FOREIGN".

5. If the word is NOT wrong, and the part-of-speech is also NOT wrong, BUT the word is not in
dictionary form, mark the value as "Inflection".
Example:
	"runs" with part-of-speech as "VERB" is a correct entry. However, upon looking up in dictionary,
	we would find the entry for "run", and "runs" is a different form of "run".
	Thus, this entry would be marked as "Inflection".

5. If everything is alright, mark the value as "-".

6. If there is a case different from those mentioned above, mark the value as "?". This can also be used
when you are not sure about what value to mark the given word with.

Please DO NOT change the values in the first two columns. Please mention your answer in the third column.
In case of any doubts whatsoever, please feel free to email me at:
akshayantimatter@gmail.com

Thank you for your time, and patience.
Best,
Akshay
